## Form	props

Property        | Required | Type     | Default   | Description
----------------|----------|----------|-----------|------------
`afterSubmit`   | no       | function | () => {}  | Called with `{state, setState, response, reset}`. `response` is the return value of `onSubmit`.
`children`      | no       | node or function   | | Called with `{fields, canSubmit, canReset, reset, onSubmit, setState, state, onChange, onBlur, onChangeCheckbox}`
`fields`        | no       | object   | | A collection of the inputs to track.
`onModified`    | no       | function | () => {}  | Called on every state change. Called with `true` when current state is different from initial state. `false` when they are the same.
`onSubmit`      | no       | function | () => {}  | Called with the state, `{initial, current}`. If this function is async, we will await it.
`onSubmitError` | no       | function | () => {}  | Called with any error that `onSubmit` throws. Should return object mapping from field `name` -> String.
`resetOnSubmit` | no       | bool     |           | If true, resets the form to its initial state after `onSubmit` succeeds.

## FormUnit props

Property            | Required | Type                                    | Default      | Description
--------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------|--------------|------------
`children`          | no       | node                                    |              | Input field to decorate with label
`className`         | no       | string                                  |              | Class name to attach to top-level `div`
`fieldRowClassName` | no       | string                                  |              | Class name to attach to the inner `div` surrounding the field
`hasError`          | no       | boolean                                 |              | If true, applies error CSS. Turns border and help text red.
`help`              | no       | node                                    |              | Help block shown underneath the field
`hideHelpRow`       | no       | boolean                                 | false        | Hides the help/error block underneath the field, so it does not take up any space
`inline`            | no       | boolean                                 | false        | If `true` positions the label on the same line as the field.
`label`             | no       | string                                  |              | Text to use for field label
`labelClassName`    | no       | string                                  |              | Class name to attach to the inner `label` element
`labelFor`          | no       | string                                  |              | Value of the label's `for` attribute. If not provided, defaults to the field's `id`.
`labelPosition`     | no       | oneOf(['after'])                        |              | If `after` and `inline=true` positions the label after the field.
`labelRowClassName` | no       | string                                  |              | Class name to attach to the inner `div` surrounding the label
`optional`          | no       | boolean                                 | false        | If `true`, marks a field as optional and adds `optionalText` to label
`optionalText`      | no       | string                                  | '(Optional)' | Text to add to label when field is optional
`postLabel`         | no       | oneOf(node, function)                   |              | Content to place in the top right of a non-inline `FormUnit`, or a callback, called with `{state, setValues}`, returning that content
`retainLabelHeight` | no       | boolean                                 | false        | For fields without a label, add an empty space above the field to preserve the space where the label would be.
`setValues`         | no       | function                                |              | Function passed to postLabel callback
`state`             | no       | object                                  |              | Object passed to postLabel callback
`tooltip`           | no       | node                                    |              | Content to place on the tooltip
`tooltipPlacement`  | no       | oneOf('top', 'bottom', 'left', 'right') | 'top'        | Placement of tooltip in relation to icon
`tooltipSize`       | no       | oneOf(['sm', 'md', 'lg'])               | 'md'         | Size of tooltip
