## Wizard props

Property     | Required | Type     | Default | Description
-------------|----------|----------|---------|------------
`cancel`     | no       | Function |         | Callback to call when the user cancels the Wizard.
`cancelText` | no       | String   | Cancel  | Text for the Cancel button.
`finish`     | no       | Function |         | Callback to call when the user finishes the Wizard.
`finishText` | no       | String   | Finish  | Text for the Finish button.
`pages`      | yes      | Array    | []      | An array of Wizard Pages.
`saving`     | no       | Boolean  | false   | When true, renders the Finish button with a spinner icon and disables the Back button.
`savingText` | no       | String   | Saving  | Text for the Finish button when `saving` is true.

## Page object props

Property           | Required | Type     | Default | Description
-------------------|----------|----------|---------|------------
`backComponent`    | no       | Node     |         | Replaces the standard Back button.
`finishComponent`  | no       | Node     |         | Replaces the standard Finish button.
`hideFinishButton` | no       | Boolean  |         | Hides the Finish button.
`hideNextButton`   | no       | Boolean  | false   | Whether to hide the Next button.
`nextEnabled`      | no       | Function |         | Callback to determine whether to enable the Next button. The Wizard's `getPage` function is passed as an argument to the callback.
`nextText`         | no       | Function |         | Callback to determine the text for the Next button.
`onClickBack`      | no       | Function |         | Called when the user clicks the Back button. Can optionally return a page index to go back to.
`onClickNext`      | no       | Function |         | Called when the user clicks the Next button.
`render`           | yes      | Function |         | Function that returns JSX for a page.
