## Goals

The goals of the 13.0 release are:

- New interface and design of Panels
- Redesign of Dropdown and CheckboxDropdown

## The Big Changes

### Panels

- Panels have been redesigned to have a title, header, body, and footer section. You can insert components in the title and header sections. See the [Panels](/panels#examples) examples.
  - The panel title appears outside the rounded box
  - The panel header appears within the rounded box, separated from the content by a border
  - The panel body appears within the rounded box, below the header (if any)
  - The panel footer appears at the bottom of the rounded box.
- The panel body now has rounded corners and a box shadow by default.
- Previously, the panel `header` prop took a `Node`. Now, it takes a `string`, which it will place in the top left corner of the panel. This is intended to make panel headers more consistent by default. To get the old behavior back, do not pass a `header`, and use `headerCols={[<FlexCol key="some-key">{someNode}</FlexCol>]}`.
- Panel CSS classes are now prefixed with `pui-`.
- The classes `panel`, `panel-body`, `panel-header` and `panel-footer` have been removed. You can either:
   - update your CSS by prepending `pui-` OR
   - you can pass those classes in via the  `bodyClassName`, `headerClassName`, or `footerClassName` props.

```jsx harmony
//nonInteractive
<Panel {...{
  className: 'panel',
  bodyClassName: 'panel-body',
  headerClassName: 'panel-header',
  footerClassName: 'panel-footer'
}}></Panel>
```

### Dropdown/CheckboxDropdown

- Icon no longer positioned absolutely