## Goals

The goals of the 15.0 release are:

- Rewrite & redesign Pagination component
- Rewrite Dropdown component to be less opinionated on its contents
- Make Autocomplete component easier to use
- Make font rendering crisper

## The Big Changes

### Pagination
We rewrote the Pagination component from the ground up, but its API has remained, mostly, the same.

Details:
- New design (rewritten CSS)
- Show up to 5 pages, always including the first and last, with ellipses in between if necessary.
- `onSelect` callback gets called with an object containing `newActivePage`,
the page number of the newly selected page (either the number that was clicked, `activePage + 1` if next button was clicked,
or `activePage - 1` if previous button was clicked).
- Removed `large` and `small` props.

### Dropdown
The changes to the Dropdown make it less opinionated about its children. Previously, it was necessary to have all children
of a Dropdown be DropdownItems, and the Dropdown would handle `onClick`-like events on these items. Now, any child node
can be passed as a child, and if a child needs an `onClick`, it should be set on that child directly.

Details:
- Removed DropdownItem component entirely
- Removed props: `href`, `labelAriaLabel`, `onSelect`, `onSplitClick`, `splitClassName`
- Added prop: `itemClassName` which provides a class to the `li` element that wraps each child of the dropdown

### Autocomplete
The changes to Autocomplete are meant to make it easier to control when and how the data in the list gets updated
from the outside.

Details:
- Add a new public method `updateList`, which updates the list of search results without showing the list. To see how this
this might be used, see the [Autocomplete](/autocomplete) page.
- Change the callback that is passed in to `onInitializeItems` to return a Promise, so that it can be awaited from
the outside if desired. This means that an outer component can wait for the inner trie data structure to be built
before calling `updateList` to update the list.

### Font Rendering
We removed CSS in PUI that was disabling subpixel antialising (see [here](http://usabilitypost.com/2011/02/08/please-stop-disabling-subpixel-rendering/) for more information).
The effect of this is that fonts appear crisper, brighter, and more vibrant.