## Goals

The goals of the 16.0 release are:

- Introduce new `ProgressBar` component

- Rewrite `Modal` and `Flyout` components to be more accessible and configurable

- `Checkbox` now has an indeterminate state

## Big Changes

### ProgressBar

Previously progress bars was solely a CSS implementation. See the [ProgressBars](/progress-bars) page for details on new React component.

* ProgressBar CSS moved from `pivotal-ui/css/progress-bars` to `pivotal-ui/css/progress-bar`

### Modal

We rewrote the `Modal` component (formerly `BaseModal`) from the ground-up to be more usable and accessible.

#### Improvements

* Keyboard navigation is now preserved within the modal when it's open to prevent users from being able to tab onto and interact with background elements while the modal is open.

* Uses efficient CSS transitions instead of JavaScript-based animations to animate the modal opening/closing. This means the animation will be much smoother across all browsers (and especially in IE/Edge).

* Now possible to specify the duration of the open/close animation via the `animationDuration` prop (and still possible to disable animation entirely, if desired, if `animationDuration` is `0`).

* Easier to specify the width of the modal via the improved `size` prop.

* More reliably prevents scrolling of background elements while the modal is open.

#### Breaking Changes

* Modal component moved from `pivotal-ui/react/modals` to `pivotal-ui/react/modal`

* Modal CSS moved from `pivotal-ui/css/modals` to `pivotal-ui/css/modal`

* Renamed `BaseModal` component to `Modal`.

* The `ModalBody` and `ModalFooter` components have been removed. Now, to specify a modal body, just use the `children` prop on
the `Modal`. To specify a modal footer, use the `footer` prop.

* Some minor prop changes:

  - The `size` prop, when given a value of `small`/`sm`, now gives the modal a width of `300px`, as originally intended. This value used to be the same as the default width (`744px`).

  - The old `animation` prop, which allowed disabling animation and which defaulted to `true`, has been removed. Now, use `animationDuration={0}` to disable animation.

  - The old `keyboard` prop, which allowed disabling pressing escape to close the modal, has been removed. Pressing escape now always closes the modal.

  - The old `acquireFocus` prop, which allowed disabling moving focus inside the modal when it opens, has been removed. Focus is now always moved inside the modal when it opens, and cycles between elements of the modal until the modal is closed.

  - The old `onEntered` and `onExited` props, which allowed providing callbacks that are called when the modal starts opening and finishes closing, have been removed.

* New CSS class names for each part of the modal:

  - `pui-modal-dialog-backdrop` is the background element that takes up the full screen when the modal is open

  - `pui-modal-dialog` is the wrapper element for the visible part of the modal (the box that appears in the center of the window)

  - `pui-modal-header` is the element within the dialog that wraps the title

  - `pui-modal-title` is the `h3` tag within the header that contains the title

  - `pui-modal-close-btn` is the close button within the dialog

  - `pui-modal-body` is the class name that wraps the `children` given to the modal

  - `pui-modal-footer` is the class name that wraps the `footer` given to the modal

### Flyout

We rewrote the `Flyout` component from the ground-up to be more usable and accessible.

#### Improvements

* Keyboard navigation is now preserved within the flyout when it's open to prevent users from being able to tab onto and interact with background elements while the flyout is open.

* Uses efficient CSS transitions instead of JavaScript-based animations to animate the flyout opening/closing. This means the animation will be much smoother across all browsers (and especially in IE/Edge).

* Now possible to specify the duration of the open/close animation via the `animationDuration` prop (and now possible to disable animation entirely with `animationDuration={0}`).

* More reliably prevents scrolling of background elements while the flyout is open.

* Now possible to change the icon in the flyout header via the `iconSrc` prop (which defaults to `"close"`, to render a close button by default).

#### Breaking Changes

* Some minor prop changes:

  - The old `open` prop is now called `show`, to be more consistent with the `Modal`.

  - The old `close` prop is now called `onHide`, to be more consistent with the `Modal`.

* New CSS class names for each part of the modal:

  - `pui-flyout-dialog-backdrop` is the background element that takes up the full container width/height when the flyout is open

  - `pui-flyout-dialog` is the wrapper element for the visible part of the flyout (the box that appears on the right side of the window)

  - `pui-flyout-header` is the element within the dialog that wraps the header and icon button

  - `pui-flyout-icon-btn` is the icon button within the flyout header

  - `pui-flyout-body` is the class name that wraps the `children` given to the flyout

### Table

* New table plugin: `withRenderTdChildren`. This allows you to more efficiently control the rendering of table cell contents via a `renderTdChildren` prop on table columns. The older `withCellRenderer` plugin is still available, but is no longer recommended when passing an inline function. The documentation has been updated to reflect this change. This plugin is also included by default on `AdvancedTable`.

### Checkbox

* New `indeterminate` enables putting the `Checkbox` in an indeterminate state (neither checked nor unchecked).

### Misc

* All animations/transitions in PUI now default to 200ms (0.2s). Previously, most things used 200ms, but some used 150ms or 300ms.

* Removed deprecated and unused `tab-highlight` and `tabs-images` CSS classes.