## Goals

The goals of the 9.0 release are:

- Update components to use the 8 point grid
- Adding some new components (Flyout, Wizard)
- Overhaul the existing Table component to make it easier to contribute new features

## The Big Changes

### Packaging
- All react and CSS components are now in the `pivotal-ui` package

### Deprecated
- The CopyToClipboardButton component has been deprecated
- The Label component has been deprecated

### Button Groups
- Can now be large or small

### Button Groups, Draggable List, Left-Tabs, Progress Bar, Tabs
- Updates to use the 8 point grid system

### CopyToClipboard
- Can now be large or small
- No longer uses the CopyToClipboardButton component

### Flex Grid
- `col-fixed` now uses `flex: 0 1 auto` so that it works in IE11

### Flyout
- Added component that allows a modal to slide in from the right side of the page

### Links
- Added new underline CSS classes

### Notifications
- CSS refactor

### Pagination
- Can now be large or small
- Uses the Button Group component to render its page elements

### Select
- The `onChange` callback will now pass the underlying click event as its first argument, instead of the selected value

### Table
- Re-architected the Table component to make it easier to contribute new features
  - SortableTable: rows can be sorted ascending or descending by a chosen column.
  - FlexTable: uses `div` tags to compose a table rather than traditional HTML tags.
  - SortableFlexTable: a SortableTable that is composed of `div` tags.
  - AdvancedTable: offers many additional features for advanced customization.
- The base Table is no longer sortable. Use SortableTable for this purpose.
- Added a plugin system, see the Table component documentation for details.

### Wizard
- Added component that allows a user to click through a series of wizard pages

## Conversion Guide

### Packaging
- In `package.json`, add `pivotal-ui` as a dependency, and remove all old `pui-css-{component}` and `pui-react-{component}` dependencies. (CAUTION: make sure you only remove PUI components)
- Update all files that required/imported PUI components to import from the new `pivotal-ui` package.
  - React example: import {DefaultButton} from 'pivotal-ui/react/buttons';
  - CSS example: import 'pivotal-ui/css/buttons';

### Button Group, Draggable List, Left-Tabs, Notifications, Pagination, Progress Bar, Tabs
- Positioning changes may be required as a result of underlying CSS changes

### Select
- `onChange` callbacks should be updated to uses the new `event` object as the first argument

### Table
- Use `SortableTable` if sorting behavior is required.
- Use `AdvancedTable` if advanced `FlexTable` features are needed