## Goals

The goals for the 7.0 release are:

- Update and consolidate Buttons and Dropdowns
- Replace Font Awesome Icons with SVGs
- Make it easier for people to use SVGs

## The Big Changes

- Buttons and Dropdowns are visually redesigned
- Button and Dropdown React Components are all new, see the conversion guide below
- Iconography React component now uses SVGs instead of Font Awesome
- Deprecated Gravatars, Checked Lists, and non-React Back To Top Component
- Deprecate current spinners component. New spinners are waiting to be prioritized.

Full list: [https://github.com/pivotal-cf/pivotal-ui/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/pivotal-cf/pivotal-ui/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## Conversion Guide

### Buttons

The buttons all have updated styles, and there are fewer of them.

- `DefaultAltButton` is removed. Use `DefaultButton` instead. You may want to set the `alt` prop to true. If you still want the shadows, use [box shadows](/box_shadows)
- `LowlightButton` is removed. It can be approximated with `DefaultButton` with `flat` set to true
- `HighlightButton` is renamed to `PrimaryButton`
- `HighlightAltButton` is removed, just use `PrimaryButton`. Marketing sites may want to use `BrandButton`. Web apps are discouraged from using `BrandButton`.


### Dropdowns

There are no longer 7 dropdown components (`LinkDropdown`, `DefaultDropdown`, `HighlightDropdown`, etc). There is only `Dropdown`.
The `Dropdown` component takes many React props. To recreate the old `LinkDropdown`, you can use `Dropdown` with `flat` and `link` props set to true.
Most of the other old dropdown styles have been removed. There are basically only three launcher styles now: default, flat, and split.

### React Iconography

- Use the `src` prop instead of the `name` prop
- The `Icon` component will inline SVGs instead of using Font Awesome. Many of the icons may have different names and different layout properties.
- Webpack svg-react-loader is now required for iconography. If you are using pui-react-tools, you will need to `npm install` the webpack loaders and upgrade pui-react-tools to version ^2.0.0.
- Icons no longer take the `size` prop. Instead, they are sized at the local font size.
If you want an icon with a different size, you can change the font size around that icon. For example, if you set the font size to 24px, the SVG should be 24px wide and 24px tall.
You can also provide a `style` prop with `width` and `height` if that is more appropriate.

### CSS Iconography

If you are using iconography, but not using React, it will be more difficult to use. All of the SVGs are inside of the `pui-css-iconography` node module.
If you would like to use an icon, you can use the SVGs directly from the node module.
If you do not mind black icons, you can serve up the SVGs and use them inside of `img` tags.
If you need to color your icons, you need to copy the content of the SVG and put it directly into your html. CSS can then be used for colors.

### CSS Alerts

Alerts look the same, but the CSS has changed from float to flexbox. If you have a multi-line alert, you may need to add an extra div directly inside of your alert wrapping your old contents.
Also, the close button is no longer float: right, so it needs to be at the end of your alert html.

### General

There are more breaking changes than usual in this release, it is possible we missed something. Please file issues on github or ask questions on the pivotal-ui slack channel.