## Goals

The goals of the 8.0 release are:

- 8 point grid system: Many components have been refactored to fit the grid system described in this [blog post](https://builttoadapt.io/intro-to-the-8-point-grid-system-d2573cde8632).
- Introduce a [Flex driven grid system](/grids) and a CSS table based on this system.

## The Big Changes

### Deprecated

- The following types of panels are deprecated: simple, basic alt, panel title, highlight panel, alternate, shadow, card, and clickable.
- The following types of tabs are deprecated: simple alt tabs and images tabs

#### Accordion/Collapse:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard. Replaced tag in panel heading with class `.panel-title`.

#### Buttons:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.
- default `aria-label` for buttons is the button text, and type is set to button.
- The `.button` class has been replaced by the `.btn` class.

#### Copy to Clipboard:

- fix calls to window and document

#### Dropdown:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard. CSS solution is truly CSS-only. Added size option.
- CSS version has new structure and classes, see style guide.
- The small size has been removed.
- Added floatMenu option to React component to give explicit control over whether menu is floating.
- Aria support.
- support for dropdown items that contain icons .
- The following changes have been made to the React component:
	- The `pullRight` option has been replaced with the `menuAlign` option to accommodate the ability to pull left.
	- The `border` option has been removed.
 	- The `toggle` option has been replaced with by the icon option.
	- The `menuCaret` option has been renamed to `showIcon` for clarity.

#### Forms:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.
- Custom icons fixed to 18px by 18px.
- The following classes have been removed: `.checkbox-inline`, `.radio-inline`, `.inline-labels`, and `.unstyled`.

#### Iconography:

- support for spinner.
- allow icon svgs to be sourced from app/svg directory.
- Wrapping element for Icons were changed from span to div.
- Added spinner SVGs in three different sizes: `sm`, `md`, `lg`.
- The spinners can be used in Icons. You can then attach a spinner icon in a button.
- The `.svgicon` class has been replaced by the `.icon` class. The `.svg-baseline` and `.svg-middle` classes have been replaced by `.icon-baseline` and `.icon-middle` classes respectively.

#### Input:

- autoFocus property

#### Links:

- Link animation speed changed from 300ms to 150ms.

#### Modal:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.
- Replaced close image with SVG.
- Replaced modal body wrapping tag with `.modal-body` class.
- Removed bootstrap influence from modals styling.
- `acquireFocus` property

#### Panels:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.

#### React:

- Remove deprecated propTypes usage to support React 15.5

#### SVG:

- Move from svg-react-loader to react-svg-loader to support React 15.5 (add69a9)


#### Table:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.
- Added flex-grid-driven table in addition to standard HTML table (both React and CSS).
- Added border and hover modifier classes for CSS only tables.
- React table columns accept `cellClass`.
- The following CSS classes have been removed: `.table-data`, `.table-key-value`, `.table-striped`, and `.table-light`.
- The variously-sized scrollable tables classes have been removed: `.table-scrollable-sm`, `.table-scrollable-md`, and `.table-scrollable-lg`.
- Scrollable tables now have a default max height of 164px.

#### Tooltips:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.
- The CSS version no longer relies on bootstrap. CSS version has new structure and classes, see style guide.
- CSS solution for tooltip is truly CSS-only.
	- Added three sizes to tooltips (`sm`, `md`, `lg`).
- Added a `TooltipTrigger` React component that uses a different rendering strategy from `OverlayTrigger`.
- Added dark and light themes to both `TooltipTrigger` and `OverlayTrigger`.
- render children instead of content property

#### Typography:

- Redesigned to 8 point standard.

## Conversion Guide

### Buttons

All buttons require the `.btn` class at a minimum to receive PUI styling.

### Dropdowns

- `pullRight` property replaced by `menuAlign` property to give explicit control over dropdown menu alignment.
- The toggle option has been removed.
- Users can no longer replace the dropdown icon with any element. It has been replaced by the icon option which takes a string specifying the name of the iconography icon that should be used by the dropdown.
- The menuCaret option has been replaced by the `showIcon` for clarity as setting `menuCaret` to `true` or `false` actually set the visibility of the icon prior to PUI 8.

### Forms

Inline checkboxes, radio buttons and labels have been removed. Unstyled inputs have also been removed.

### Iconography

The .svgicon, .svg-baseline and .svg-middle classes have been replaced by the .icon, .icon-baseline and .icon-middle classes respectively

### Tables

Data, key-value, striped, and light table styles have been removed. Variable sized scrollable tables have been removed. Scrollable tables are now all one size.