Tabs are a navigation element used in web design that allow users to easily access different areas of a site or different parts of an individual page.

They’re like tabbed dividers in a filing cabinet – by clicking a tab, users can easily locate a view of related content. Tabs should be used for alternating between views within the same context, not to navigate to different areas.

Using Tab components in React consists of a parent element for the desired Tab type (for example,
`Tabs` or `LeftTabs`). Each `Tab` is a child of this parent element and has a `tab` property for the
string value a Tab should display.

Additionally, each `Tab` must define an `eventKey` property for uniquely identifying this tab to its parent component.

Do's         | Don'ts
-------------|----------
Use tabs to group content, connect related information, and as a tool to save space. | Don’t use tabs when it’s more meaningful for the user to see related content grouped together
Information needs to be highly scannable and simple to navigate helps aid users in locating specific information they need. | When content is sequential it may make more sense to have content grouped and scrollable
When a user would like to access each group of information separately. | When it makes more sense to have users scan the page then hide content


```jsx harmony
//title=Tabs
<Tabs defaultActiveKey={1} actions={<a>Action!</a>}>
  <Tab eventKey={1} title="Tab 1">Wow!</Tab>
  <Tab eventKey={2} title="Tab 2">
    <h2>Neat!</h2>
    <span>So much content.</span>
  </Tab>
</Tabs>
```

```jsx harmony
//title=Left tabs
<LeftTabs defaultActiveKey={1}>
  <Tab eventKey={1} title="Tab 1">Wow!</Tab>
  <Tab eventKey={2} title="Tab 2">
    <h2>Neat!</h2>
    <span>So much content.</span>
  </Tab>
</LeftTabs>
```

```jsx harmony
//title=Responsive breakpoints
//description=Tabs can be responsive, and will display accordion-style on small screens and folder-style on large screens.
<Tabs defaultActiveKey={1} responsiveBreakpoint="md">
  <Tab eventKey={1} title="Tab 1"> I'm so responsive </Tab>
  <Tab eventKey={2} title="Tab 2"> Me too </Tab>
</Tabs>
```