## Table props

Property | Required | Type | Default | Description
---------|----------|------|---------|------------
`columns`     | no | Array     | | Metadata about columns
`data`        | yes | Array     | | The data to display in the table
`footerRow`   | no  | Any       | | Anything that evaluates into HTML. Only valid when used with `withFooterRow` plugin.
`rowClassName`| no  | Function  | | Function with input `({rowDatum, isHeader, rowIndex})` and outputs a string. Only valid when used with `withRowClassName` plugin.
`rowDrawer`   | no  | Function  | | Function with input `(rowIndex)`. Only valid when used with `withRowDrawer` plugin.
`rowLink`     | no  | Object    | | Object comprising of `{link, onClick}`. `link` is a function whose input is `{rowDatum}` and outputs an `href`. `onClick` is a function that is executed when the row is clicked. Only valid with `withRowLink` plugin.

## Column object props

Property         | Required | Type | Default | Description
-----------------|----------|------|---------|------------
`attribute`        | yes      | String    |       | The key to use in the data prop to get data for that column
`CellRenderer`     | no       | React component  |       | Component to use to render cell children. Rendered with `{...rowDatum}` as props. Only valid when used with `withCellRenderer` plugin.
`className`        | no       | String or Function | | The class(es) to apply to a column. If this is a function, the inputs are `(rowDatum, isHeader)`. Only valid when used with `withCellClassName` plugin.
`displayName`      | no       | String    |       | The text in the TableHeader for that column
`ellipsis`         | no       | Boolean   | false | Ellipsify overflow text. Only valid when used with `withCellEllipsis` plugin.
`link`             | no       | Function  |       | The link destination. Only valid when used with `withCellLink` plugin.
`onClick`          | no       | Function  |       | The function to execute when the cell is clicked. The inputs to this function are `(event, rowDatum)`. Only valid when used with `withCellOnClick` plugin.
`renderTdChildren` | no       | Function  |       | Function which will be called to render custom cell children. Called with `rowDatum` as its argument. Only valid when used with `withRenderTdChildren` plugin.
`sortable`         | no       | Boolean   |       | Determines whether a column is sortable. Only valid when used with `withSorting` plugin.
`sortBy`           | no       | Function  |       | Function that determines sort order. The input is the cell data. Only valid when used with `withSorting` plugin and if `sortable` is true.
`tooltip`          | no       | Function  |       | Function whose inputs are `({isHeader}, rowDatum)` and should output an object containing `{text, size, theme, showIcon}`. `text` and `size` are used in the [Tooltip](/tooltips#tooltips) Component. `theme` is a prop of the [TooltipTrigger](/tooltips) Component. `showIcon` determines if the info icon is shown. Only valid when used with `withCellTooltip` plugin.
`width`            | no       | String    |       | Can be any valid CSS `width` input. Only valid when used with `withCellWidth` plugin.
